FAQ
Q. DO YOU HAVE THE SUPPLY AND TYPE OF PLASTIC I’M LOOKING FOR?
A.   Yes. We have every grade of hard plastic in some quantity with the exception of PVC which unfortunately sinks to the ocean floor. We have very ample supple of PET in every colour and HDPE in yellow, due to the practicalities of what sorts of bottles make their way to the ocean from east Africa. For these two product categories we are confident that if we do not have enough to feed your operation today, we will do so in the near future. For other hard plastics we have them, but in a more boutique supply, and we will be able to supply them on a one-off basis or a recurring basis if you are looking for a low quantity. 

All of this information is subject to change as our operation expands.

 

Q. YOU ADVERTISE A COMPETITIVE PRICE, BUT CURRENT PRICES SEEM PRETTY HIGH
A.   At the current juncture there is far more supply than demand in this market, and at this early stage in our development we are very supply constrained and hungry for growth capital, as such you might expect some sticker shock from our current sales prices. In time we will begin to tap substantial economies of scale as our harvesting operation matures, essentially we will be price competitive in the longer term but at the moment we are one of the few sellers in the market and unfortunately we will need to make the most of that as we build out our operation.

For those that do begin doing business with us at this stage, you can be secured a cut of our supply even as supplies grow and prices start coming down.

 

Q. WILL THE PRODUCT BE SAFE FROM POISONS AND CONTAMINANTS?
A. We insure that our plastic is always up to the standards required for your product. Recycled plastic is graded for use in areas such as food packaging and children toys, and we are confident that in time we will offer a product that achieves a food grade certification. Until this we will offer our plastic to uses that match its safety and purity level

 

Q. ARE YOU ONLY ABLE TO CLEAN UP RECYCLABLE PLASTICS? WHAT ABOUT ALL THE REST?
A. Currently are only able be reclaiming recyclable plastics, which in Malindi means plastic bottles that are majority PET and HDPE grade hard plastics. In time we have several possible business plans in mind and plan to roll out a strategy to profitably extract non-recyclable plastics as well, and in the long term hope to be removing all plastic we find in our waters

 

Q. WHAT'S WITH THE TURTLE?
A. Sagi is a sea turtle who has grown up since he was a baby trapped in a 6-pack ring. The pressure on his waist caused him to grow up with an unnatural deformity of the shell. Despite his handicap, Sagi is in good spirits: He is very enthusiastic about the idea of finally getting rid of all this ocean plastic.

 

Q. WHAT IS SARGASSO?
A. The Sargasso Sea is an ecological zone in the North Atlantic with the unfortunate position of being located in a natural ‘doldrums’ where oceanic winds and currents are rare. As such this vibrant region has been inundated with ocean plastic refuse, and now hosts the North Atlantic Garbage Patch, the second largest such patch in the world. In time, as we expand our geography, we plan to rescue the unique natural fauna and microbiome of the Sargasso Sea.